Be clearer about showStartAttributes. (#3604)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

end Selector;
\end{lstlisting}%
\annotationindex{Dialog}

> Modifiable parameters (except for \lstinline!connectorSizing = true!), non-connector inputs, and short replace class definitions should normally be shown in the dialog even without this annotation.

Author: ```suggestion
Modifiable parameters (except for \lstinline!connectorSizing = true!), non-connector inputs, and short replaceable class definitions should normally be shown in the dialog even without this annotation.
```

> Modifiable parameters (except for \lstinline!connectorSizing = true!), non-connector inputs, and short replace class definitions should normally be shown even in the parameter dialog even without this annotation.

Reviewer: Too many _even_?
```suggestion
Modifiable parameters (except for \lstinline!connectorSizing = true!), non-connector inputs, and short replace class definitions should normally be shown in the dialog even without this annotation.
```

The \lstinline!showStartAttribute = true! is primarily intended for non-parameter values and avoids introducing a separate parameter for the \lstinline!start!-attribute of the variable.
\end{nonnormative}

> If the declaration has a modifier for the \lstinline!start!-attribute and does not have \lstinline!showStartAttribute = false! the \lstinline!start!- and \lstinline!fixed!-attributes shall also be shown.

Reviewer 2: If we open up for tools to determine what is most appropriate to show by removing default value for showStartAttribute, we should probably not start specifying behavior when showStartAttribute is not set:
```suggestion
If the declaration has a modifier for the \lstinline!start!-attribute and \lstinline!showStartAttribute = true! the \lstinline!fixed!-attribute shall also be shown.
```

Author: I will reformulate based on the feedback, but just downgrade from "shall" to "may".

The idea was:
if showStartAttribute=true then recommend showing start and fixed
else if a non-parameter declaration has modifiers for start then
  if showStartAttribute=false -> do not recommend showing start and fixed
  if no showStartAttribute -> recommend showing start and fixed
end if

Author: So basically:
```
model M
  Real x(start=1);
equation
  der(x)=1-x;
end M;
```
may generate a dialog for setting the start-value as a convenience, but if you don't want it (perhaps it is a guess-value that hardly matters) then
```
model M2
  Real x(start=1) annotation(Dialog(showStartAttribute=false));
equation
  x^3=1+time;
end M2;
```
will not show a start-attribute for `x`, and since the Dialog-annotation is otherwise empty there is no reason to show  `x` in the parameter-dialog at all.

Note:
- parameters with start-attribute are different (it's complicated), so exclude them from this extra logic
- it the start-value is final it is more complicated, obviously it should not be modified in the parameter dialog, but Dymola can (depending on settings) still show it - that's why I didn't write anything for that

Reviewer: The example with `M2` doesn't really make sense the way the annotation is defined:
> If `showStartAttribute = true` the dialog should allow the user to set the `start`- and `fixed`-attributes for the variable instead of the value of the variable.

We have two things that can be modified – the value and the `start`-attribute – and just one annotation.  It generally makes little sense to offer editing of both the value and the `start`-attribute, and hence I find the natural interpretation of `showStartAttribute = false` to be that one should allow editing the value instead of the `start`-attribute.  If we want another interpretation, I think it has to be said explicitly.

Author: > The example with `M2` doesn't really make sense the way the annotation is defined:
> 
> > If `showStartAttribute = true` the dialog should allow the user to set the `start`- and `fixed`-attributes for the variable instead of the value of the variable.
> 
> We have two things that can be modified – the value and the `start`-attribute – and just one annotation. It generally makes little sense to offer editing of both the value and the `start`-attribute, and hence I find the natural interpretation of `showStartAttribute = false` to be that one should allow editing the value instead of the `start`-attribute. If we want another interpretation, I think it has to be said explicitly.

**It does exactly that** - with the additional change that this sub-annotation doesn't by **itself** indicate that the variable should be included in the parameter dialog.

Similarly as if `showStartAttribute` hadn't been part of `Dialog`, but a freestanding annotation.
```
model M2A
  Real x(start=1) annotation(Dialog(showStartAttribute=false));
  Real x2(start=1)=x^2 annotation(Dialog(tab="Advanced", showStartAttribute=false));
equation
  x^3=1+time;
end M2A;
```
Will show the value of `x2` in the Advanced-tab, but normally not show `x` in any tab.

Reviewer: Maybe it is time we restart this conversation in relation to the current state of the PR…

> If the declaration has a modifier for the \lstinline!start!-attribute and does not have \lstinline!showStartAttribute = false! the \lstinline!start!- and \lstinline!fixed!-attributes shall also be shown.

Author: ```suggestion
If a non-parameter declaration has a modifier for the \lstinline!start!-attribute and does not have \lstinline!showStartAttribute = false! the \lstinline!start!- and \lstinline!fixed!-attributes may also be show.
```

> If a non-parameter declaration has a modifier for the \lstinline!start!-attribute and does not have \lstinline!showStartAttribute = false! the \lstinline!start!- and \lstinline!fixed!-attributes may also be show.

Reviewer: Apart from other concerns, there is a typo here:
```suggestion
If a non-parameter declaration has a modifier for the \lstinline!start!-attribute and does not have \lstinline!showStartAttribute = false!, the \lstinline!start!- and \lstinline!fixed!-attributes may also be shown.
```

Reviewer: So what you're trying to say here could be summarized with:
> For a non-parameter with modifier for the `start`-attribute, it is recommended to treat absence of `showStartAttribute` the same way as `showStartAttribute = true`.

Author: Yes, it might be that clearer to just use that text.
The other changes for showStartAttribute are elsewhere, and not impacted by this.
